# Terms of Use
(for an updated copy, see <https://deepdreamgenerator.com/terms>)

Last Updated: April 22, 2020

See also:   [Home](https://deepdreamgenerator.com/)   |   [Privacy Policy](https://deepdreamgenerator.com/privacy)   |   [Cookies](https://deepdreamgenerator.com/cookies)

By accessing or using the Deep Dream Generator website, the Deep Dream Generator service, or any applications (including mobile applications) made available by Deep Dream Generator (together, the "Service"), however accessed, you agree to be bound by these terms of use ("Terms of Use"). The Service is owned or controlled by Deep Dream Generator. These Terms of Use affect your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use, do not access or use the Service.

## Terms

1. You must be at least 16 years old to use the Service.
2. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or any other inappropriate (for wide audience) content via the Service.
3. Examples of inappropriate content/images: nude images, partially nude, guns, using of guns, death people, death animals, human/animal entrails, wounds, real photos of skulls/bones, surgical or other direct medical interventions, any type of gore, political messages - with text or with specific political figures, hateful speech or symbols, nazis symbols and historical figures, any racist or discriminatory suggestive content.
4. You are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account. With the exception of people or businesses that are expressly authorized to create accounts on behalf of their employers or clients, Deep Dream Generator prohibits the creation of and you agree that you will not create an account for anyone other than yourself. You also represent that all information you provide or provided to Deep Dream Generator upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.
5. You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of other Deep Dream Generator users.
6. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure.
7. You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.
8. You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright laws.
9. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files, information, usernames, images, graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, applications, links and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") that you submit, post or display on or via the Service.
10. You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or Deep Dream Generator.
11. You must not create or submit unwanted email, comments, likes or other forms of commercial or harassing communications (a/k/a "spam") to any Deep Dream Generator users.
12. You must not use domain names or web URLs in your username without prior written consent from Deep Dream Generator.
13. You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, including by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature. You may not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any Deep Dream Generator page is rendered or displayed in a user's browser or device.
14. You must comply with Deep Dream Generator's Community Guidelines, available here: [https://deepdreamgenerator.com/community-guidelines](https://deepdreamgenerator.com/community-guidelines).
15. You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated device, script, bot, spider, crawler or scraper.
16. You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms of Use or any other Deep Dream Generator terms.
17. Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Deep Dream Generator's sole discretion, result in termination of your Deep Dream Generator account. You understand and agree that Deep Dream Generator cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for Deep Dream Generator, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.
18. In regards to the **Text 2 Dream** tool, please review and agree with "Stable Diffusion" license which is available [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/CompVis/stable-diffusion-license).  
    This is a permissive license that allows for commercial and non-commercial usage. This license is focused on ethical and legal use of the model

## Conditions

1. Only one account could be used from one location. If we detect usage from multiple accounts from the same location, we reserve the right to refuse access to the Service for all of them.
2. We reserve the right to modify or terminate the Service or your access to the Service for any reason, without notice, at any time, and without liability to you. You can deactivate your account by sending us a request to contact@deepdreamgenerator.com
3. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you in these Terms of Use will immediately cease.
4. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use ("Updated Terms") from time to time. Unless we make a change for legal or administrative reasons, we will provide reasonable advance notice before the Updated Terms become effective. You agree that we may notify you of the Updated Terms by posting them on the Service, and that your use of the Service after the effective date of the Updated Terms (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the Updated Terms. Therefore, you should review these Terms of Use and any Updated Terms before using the Service. The Updated Terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the Updated Terms, and will apply to your use of the Service from that point forward. These Terms of Use will govern any disputes arising before the effective date of the Updated Terms.
5. We reserve the right to refuse access to the Service to anyone for any reason at any time.
6. We reserve the right to force forfeiture of any username for any reason.
7. We may, but have no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or monitor Content or accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion violates these Terms of Use.
8. You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the Service, whether online or offline. You agree that Deep Dream Generator is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any user. Deep Dream Generator reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users. Exercise common sense and your best judgment when interacting with others, including when you submit or post Content or any personal or other information.
9. There may be links from the Service, or from communications you receive from the Service, to third-party web sites or features. There may also be links to third-party web sites or features in images or comments within the Service. The Service also includes third-party content that we do not control, maintain or endorse. Functionality on the Service may also permit interactions between the Service and a third-party web site or feature, including applications that connect the Service or your profile on the Service with a third-party web site or feature. For example, the Service may include a feature that enables you to share Content from the Service or your Content with a third party, which may be publicly posted on that third party's service or application. Using this functionality typically requires you to login to your account on the third-party service and you do so at your own risk. Deep Dream Generator does not control any of these third-party web services or any of their content. You expressly acknowledge and agree that Deep Dream Generator is in no way responsible or liable for any such third-party services or features. YOUR CORRESPONDENCE AND BUSINESS DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES FOUND THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD PARTY. You may choose, at your sole and absolute discretion and risk, to use applications that connect the Service or your profile on the Service with a third-party service (each, an "Application") and such Application may interact with, connect to or gather and/or pull information from and to your Service profile. By using such Applications, you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) if you use an Application to share information, you are consenting to information about your profile on the Service being shared; (ii) your use of an Application may cause personally identifying information to be publicly disclosed and/or associated with you, even if Deep Dream Generator has not itself provided such information; and (iii) your use of an Application is at your own option and risk, and you will hold the Deep Dream Generator Parties (defined below) harmless for activity related to the Application.
10. You agree that you are responsible for all data charges you incur through use of the Service.
11. We prohibit crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise accessing any content on the Service via automated means, including but not limited to, user profiles and photos (except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with Deep Dream Generator's express consent).

## Rights

1. Deep Dream Generator does not claim ownership of any Content that you post on or through the Service. Instead, you hereby grant to Deep Dream Generator a non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free worldwide license to use the Content that you post on or through the Service. We need this license in order to show the images you've made public. We will show them on different places on the website (i.e. home page, latest feeds, under your profile, some of our social networks and so on). We do not plan to share, sell or use the Content you've uploaded for any other purposes.
2. Some of the Service is supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that Deep Dream Generator may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or on, about, or in conjunction with your Content. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you.
3. You acknowledge that we may not always identify paid services, sponsored content, or commercial communications as such.
4. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Content posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms of Use; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the Service does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of Content you post on or through the Service; and (iv) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use in your jurisdiction.
5. The Deep Dream Generator name and logo are trademarks of Deep Dream Generator, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Deep Dream Generator.
6. Although it is Deep Dream Generator's intention for the Service to be available as much as possible, there will be occasions when the Service may be interrupted, including, without limitation, for scheduled maintenance or upgrades, for emergency repairs, or due to failure of telecommunications links and/or equipment. Also, Deep Dream Generator reserves the right to remove any Content from the Service for any reason, without prior notice. Content removed from the Service may continue to be stored by Deep Dream Generator, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order. Consequently, Deep Dream Generator encourages you to maintain your own backup of your Content. In other words, Deep Dream Generator is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Service for the purposes of Content backup or storage. Deep Dream Generator will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any Content. You also acknowledge that the Internet may be subject to breaches of security and that the submission of Content or other information may not be secure.
7. You agree that Deep Dream Generator is not responsible for, and does not endorse, Content posted within the Service. Deep Dream Generator does not have any obligation to prescreen, monitor, edit, or remove any Content. If your Content violates these Terms of Use, you may bear legal responsibility for that Content.
8. Except as otherwise described in the Service's Privacy Policy, available at [https://deepdreamgenerator.com/privacy](https://deepdreamgenerator.com/privacy), as between you and Deep Dream Generator, any Content will be non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of Content. You acknowledge and agree that your relationship with Deep Dream Generator is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other type of special relationship, and that your decision to submit any Content does not place Deep Dream Generator in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public, including with regard to your Content. None of your Content will be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Deep Dream Generator, and Deep Dream Generator will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content you provide.
9. It is Deep Dream Generator's policy not to accept or consider content, information, ideas, suggestions or other materials other than those we have specifically requested and to which certain specific terms, conditions and requirements may apply. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed or are developing independently. Accordingly, Deep Dream Generator does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas, and takes no responsibility for any materials or ideas so transmitted. If, despite our policy, you choose to send us content, information, ideas, suggestions, or other materials, you further agree that Deep Dream Generator is free to use any such content, information, ideas, suggestions or other materials, for any purposes whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing and marketing products and services, without any liability or payment of any kind to you.

## Payment and Renewal

General Terms Optional paid services such as paid accounts and extra operations are available on the Website (“Plan(s)”). By selecting a Plan you agree to pay Deep Dream Generator the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for those Services. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for the Plan and will cover the use of the subscribed-to Plan(s) for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Upgrade fees are not refundable. Automatic Renewal Unless you notify Deep Dream Generator before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to terminate a Plan , your Plan subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Plan (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Plans can be canceled at any time in the "Subscription" section of your profile; however, there are no refunds.

## Paid Services

Fees; Payment By signing up for an account for Services you agree to pay Deep Dream Generator the monthly or annual fees indicated at pricing. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day your Services are established and in advance of using such Services. Deep Dream Generator reserves the right to change the payment terms and fees upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you. Your Plan for Services can be canceled by you at any time through your "Subscription" section of your profile page; however, there are no refunds. Support Certain Services packages include access to priority email support. “Email support” means the ability to make requests for technical support assistance by email at any time concerning the use of the Services. “Priority” means that support for paying Services customers takes priority over support for users of the standard, free Deep Dream Generator services. All Services support will be provided in accordance with Deep Dream Generator standard Services practices, procedures and policies.

## Indemnification

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Deep Dream Generator and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “Deep Dream Generator Parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services; (b) your User Content or Feedback; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (e) your conduct in connection with our Services. You agree to promptly notify Deep Dream Generator Parties of any third party Claims, cooperate with Deep Dream Generator Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees). You also agree that the Deep Dream Generator Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and Deep Dream Generator or the other Deep Dream Generator Parties.

## Disclaimers

We do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.

Your use of our Services is at your sole risk. Our Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In addition, Deep Dream Generator does not represent or warrant that our Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. While Deep Dream Generator attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.

## Limitation of Liability

Deep Dream Generator and the other Deep Dream Generator Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if Deep Dream Generator or the other Deep Dream Generator Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

The total liability of Deep Dream Generator and the other Deep Dream Generator Parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our Services.

The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of Deep Dream Generator or the other Deep Dream Generator Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

## Release

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release Deep Dream Generator and the other Deep Dream Generator Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties.

## Transfer and Processing Data

By accessing or using our Services, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information about you in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.

## Changes to these Terms

We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the “Last Updated” date above. We may also attempt to notify you by sending an email notification to the address associated with your account, if any, or providing notice through our Services. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of our Services after we provide notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services.

## Reporting Copyright and Other IP Violations

If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.

To report copyright and other IP (intellectual property) violations please contact us at contact@deepdreamgenerator.com .
